Aelmanaa/node ops reorg (#1097)
smartcontractkit/documentation: src/pages/chainlink-nodes/v1/fulfilling-requests.md

---
layout: ../../../layouts/MainLayout.astro
section: nodeOperator
date: Last Modified
title: "Fulfilling Requests"
permalink: "docs/fulfilling-requests/"
whatsnext:
  {
    "Performing System Maintenance": "/chainlink-nodes/resources/performing-system-maintenance/",
    "v2 Jobs": "/chainlink-nodes/oracle-jobs/jobs/",
    "Security and Operation Best Practices": "/chainlink-nodes/resources/best-security-practices/",
  }
metadata:
  title: "Chainlink Node Operators: Fulfilling Requests"

>   description: "Deploy your own Operator contract and add jobs to your node so that it can provide data to smart contracts."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "Deploy your own operator contract and add jobs to your node so that it can provide data to smart contracts."
```

setup: |
  import CodeSample from "@components/CodeSample/CodeSample.astro"
---

:::note[Run a Chainlink node]

> This guide assumes you have a running Chainlink node. If not, Follow the [Running a Chainlink Node locally](/chainlink-nodes/v1/running-a-chainlink-node) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide assumes you have a running Chainlink node. To learn how to run a node, see the [Running a Chainlink Node locally](/chainlink-nodes/v1/running-a-chainlink-node) guide.
```

:::

> Now that your Chainlink node is running , you can use your own node to fulfill requests. This guide will show you how to deploy your own Operator contract and add jobs to your node so that it can provide data to smart contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use your Chainlink nodes to fulfill requests. This guide shows you how to deploy your own operator contract and add jobs to your node so that it can provide data to smart contracts.
```

   Error: **Send transaction failed: Invalid address. If you use an injected provider, please check it is properly unlocked.**
   :::

1. If the transaction is successful, a new address displays in the **Deployed Contracts** section.

   ![Screenshot showing the newly deployed contract.](/images/chainlink-nodes/node-operators/operator-deployed.jpg)

1. Keep note of the Operator contract address. You need it later for your consuming contract.

### Whitelist your node address in the Operator contract

1. In the Chainlink node GUI, find and copy the address of your chainlink node. see [Requirements](#requirements).

1. In Remix, call the `setAuthorizedSenders` function with the address of your node. Note the function expects an array.

   ![A screenshot showing all of the fields for the deployed contract in Remix.](/images/chainlink-nodes/node-operators/operator-authorizedsenders.jpg)

1. Click the `transact` function to run it. Approve the transaction in MetaMask and wait for it to confirm on the blockchain.

> 1. Call `isAuthorizedSender` function with the address of your node to verify that your chainlink node address can call the Operator contract. The function must return `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Call `isAuthorizedSender` function with the address of your node to verify that your chainlink node address can call the operator contract. The function must return `true`.
```

Capitalization only for proper nouns, such as "Operator UI"

   ![A screenshot showing Chainlink node whitelisted in Remix.](/images/chainlink-nodes/node-operators/operator-isauthorizedsender.jpg)

## Add a job to the node

You will create a job that calls an OpenAPI , parses the response and then return a `uint256`.

> 1. In the Chainlink Operator GUI on the **Jobs** tab, click **New Job**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Chainlink Operator UI on the **Jobs** tab, click **New Job**.
```

UI or GUI. Either one is fine, but lets use one consistently.

   ![The new job button.](/images/chainlink-nodes/node-operators/new-job-button.png)

1. Paste the job specification from above into the text field.

   <!-- prettier-ignore -->
   <CodeSample src="samples/ChainlinkNodes/jobs/get-uint256.toml"/>

> 1. Replace `YOUR_OPERATOR_CONTRACT_ADDRESS` with the address of your deployed Operator contract address from the previous steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Replace `YOUR_OPERATOR_CONTRACT_ADDRESS` with the address of your deployed operator contract address from the previous steps.
```

   ![Screenshot of the requestEthereumPrice function with the oracle address and job ID specified.](/images/chainlink-nodes/node-operators/requestEthereumPrice.jpg)

1. Click the **transact** button for the `requestEthereumPrice` function and approve the transaction in Metamask. The `requestEthereumPrice` function asks the node to retrieve `uint256` data specifically from [https://min-api.cryptocompare.com/data/price?fsym=ETH&tsyms=USD](https://min-api.cryptocompare.com/data/price?fsym=ETH&tsyms=USD).

1. After the transaction processes, you can see the details for the complete the job run the **Runs** page in the Node Operators UI.

   ![A screenshot of the task link](/images/chainlink-nodes/node-operators/taskList.jpg)

1. In Remix, click the `currentPrice` variable to see the current price updated on your consumer contract.

   ![A screenshot of the currentPrice button](/images/chainlink-nodes/node-operators/currentPrice.jpg)

## Withdrawing LINK

> You can withdraw LINK from the Operator contract. In Remix under the list of deployed contracts, click on your Operator contract and find the `withdraw` function in the function list. Note that only the admin (see [Admin wallet address](#address-types)) can withdraw LINK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can withdraw LINK from the operator contract. In Remix under the list of deployed contracts, click on your Operator contract and find the `withdraw` function in the function list. Note that only the admin (see [Admin wallet address](#address-types)) can withdraw LINK.
```
